[DRAFT] Description of the Velero snapshots backup and restore (#49)
elastio/contrib: elastio-velero-integration/README.md

This article provides a comprehensive guide on the backup and restore procedure for snapshots of EKS persistent storage created by Velero. 

> Elastio, a powerful tool, efficiently reduces storage costs on AWS by effectively backing up and compressing data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elastio efficiently reduces storage costs on AWS by effectively backing up and compressing data, while also providing enhanced protection against malware and ransomware threats.
```

To create a backup policy that imports all snapshots corresponding to desired EBS volumes, you can follow these steps:

1. Access your Elastio Tenant.
2. Navigate to the Policies section.
3. Click on "New Policy" to start creating a new policy.
4. Provide a meaningful name for the policy.
5. Specify the appropriate schedule for the backups (e.g., daily, weekly, etc.) based on your requirements.
6. Select Integrity Scan options if required.
7. Add the desired EBS volumes that you want to include in the backups.
8. Configure additional options for the policy like on the screenshot below:
![image](https://github.com/elastio/contrib/assets/81738703/3f3e0103-806e-435e-870c-79b98caf5748)
9. Save the policy configuration.
   
Once the policy is created, Elastio will automatically import all the snapshots corresponding to the specified EBS volumes according to the defined schedule.

### Backup via Elastio CLI
To backup all snapshots associated with the EBS volume, simply execute the following command. Optionally you can include the `--iscan` parameter to enable vulnerability scanning for the backups.

```
elastio ebs import-snapshot --volume-id [Volume-id] --iscan
```

> ## TODO: Add lambda desctiption for snapshots removal

Reviewer: @Veetaha has a separate PR in `contrib` (#48) that goes over this in detail.  It's probably sufficient here just to link to that once it lands.

Author: Added reference to this article.
